Thank you for your interest in Manopt. The purpose of this Contributor License Agreement is to
clarify the intellectual property license granted with contributions of software from any person or
entity (the "Contributor") to the owners of Manopt. This license is for your protection as a
Contributor of software to Manopt and does not change your right to use your own contributions for
any other purpose.

The owners of Manopt are the copyright holders of Manopt indicated in the license files distributed
with the software.

You and the owners of Manopt hereby accept and agree to the following terms and conditions:

Your "Contributions" means all of your past, present and future contributions of object code, source
code and documentation to Manopt, however submitted to Manopt, excluding any submissions that are
conspicuously marked or otherwise designated in writing by You as "Not a Contribution."

You hereby grant to the owners of Manopt a non-exclusive, irrevocable, worldwide, no-charge,
transferable copyright license to use, execute, prepare derivative works of, and distribute
(internally and externally, in object code and, if included in your Contributions, source code form)
your Contributions. Except for the rights granted to the owners of Manopt in this paragraph, You
reserve all right, title and interest in and to your Contributions.

You represent that you are legally entitled to grant the above license. If your employer(s) have
rights to intellectual property that you create, you represent that you have received permission to
make the Contibutions on behalf of that employer, or that your employer has waived such rights for
your Contributions to Manopt.

You represent that, except as disclosed in your Contribution submission(s), each of your
Contributions is your original creation. You represent that your Contribution submissions(s)
included complete details of any license or other restriction (including, but not limited to,
related patents and trademarks) associated with any part of your Contribution(s) (including a copy
of any applicable license agreement). You agree to notify the owners of Manopt of any facts or
circumstances of which you become aware that would make Your representations in the Agreement
inaccurate in any respect.

You are not expected to provide support for your Contributions, except to the extent you desire to
provide support. Your may provide support for free, for a fee, or not at all. Your Contributions are
provided as-is, with all faults, defects and errors, and without any warranty of any kind (either
express or implied) including, without limitation, any implied warranty of merchantability and
fitness for a particular purpose and any warranty of non-infringement.


This CLA is a modification of the CLA used by the UW Calendar project of the University of
Washington: <http://www.washington.edu/ucal/CLicense.html>
